in this film we see excerpts from recut
English daily routine working with
people's and their horses our main focus
is on how to motivate the horse to
achieve the desired performance it is
not only with classical riding that
motivation of the horse begins in the
stable
a positive working atmosphere improves
the learning process for both rider and
horse and group exercises can also make
a contribution all of which makes it
easier for the rider to achieve the
desired outcome the trainer cannot only
concentrate on his own horse but must
also pay attention to the other riders
and horses as can also be seen with
carriage driving the horses adjust or
match their movements to each other
a horse's natural joy of movement can be
exploited here
and the trainer must always be aware of
this and skillfully build it into the
training program a good sensitivity
exercise to improve the horses natural
enjoyment of movement is scooting on the
long rain where for reasons of safety
alone more coercive aides should as far
as possible be avoided when Theatron and
advent and a good selective use of the
voices to be recommended in dressage
training as is reinforcement of positive
achievements through praise all of which
makes the horse feel good and want to
repeat the activity this achievement can
also be reinforced by immediately
rewarding with food the horse can also
look on a break as a reward after a
particular achievement such as here with
a five-year-old clawed rubus stallion
favori egg eater during in development
of the path transitions increase the
horses concentration and whips and spurs
can reinforce voice and seating aids if
the horse does not react promptly
advanced French trainer poofing el has
very appropriately called the voice the
spur of the mind if the horse
comprehends that the rider will not use
firmer aids if it reacts to the lightest
of aids would their use can be minimized
a positive working atmosphere can only
be created if one takes into account the
horses natural needs a reward after work
can for example be allowing the horse to
roll freely on the ground the person
allowing it this freedom will be looked
upon kindly by the horse and certainly
be in his good books